README.md, before:

# Meme-Site
 ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description
Our project is a meme sharing platform that can be used by anyone. It allows users to add memes of their own
or ones they have found by submitting links. Users can also share comments and provide thumbs up or down for the 
 memes reviewed. 

We wanted to provide a place where friends could go and share memes and comments with a more streamlined interface.
We built this project to provide a repository of memes to be shared amongst friends. This application allows for users
to either like or dislike and provide a comment on memes posted throughout the day. 

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
This application doesn't require installation as it is a web based solution. It allows for use on mobile, laptop 
and desktop devices. For full use of the application users will have to create a account

## Usage
1. **Sign Up/Login**: Create an account or log in to an existing account.
2. **Add Memes**: Submit your own memes or add ones you have found by providing a link.
3. **Review Memes**: Browse through memes posted by others.
4. **Interact**: Like or dislike memes and leave comments to share your thoughts.

## Credits
Development Team: Jacob McAuliffe, Chloe Jiang, Mykola Nastyn, Paul Price

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  License.

---

Feel free to contribute to our project or reach out if you have any questions!

Commit message:

Updated information in the README to reflect the project's current state.

README.md, after:

# Meme-Site
 ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description
Our project is a meme sharing platform that can be used by anyone. It allows users to add memes of their own
or ones they have found by submitting links. Users can also share comments and provide thumbs up or down for the 
 memes reviewed. 

We wanted to provide a place where friends could go and share memes and comments with a more streamlined interface.
We built this project to provide a repository of memes to be shared amongst friends. This application allows for users
to either like or dislike and provide a comment on memes posted throughout the day. 

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
To install, please clone this repository to your computer using the following steps in Github:

1. Click the "Code" dropdown menu and copy the SSH URL.
2. Open your terminal and navigate to the directory you would like to clone this repository into.
3. Type "git clone <paste SSH URL>", replacing <paste SSH URL> with your copied SSH URL. You can substitute an SSH URL with an HTTPS URL.
4. Press enter.

For full use of the application users will have to create a account.

## Usage
1. **Sign Up/Login**: Users can create an account by clicking the "Sign Up" button inn the upper right hand corner, entering their e-mail, username, and password information into the requested fields, and clicking submit. Users can then sign out and/or login again via the "Log In" and "Sign Out" buttons.
2. **Add Memes**: Users can post their favorite memes on this site by copying the image URL and pasting them into the "Enter Image URL" input on the home page, then pressing "Enter." The meme will then post on the home page. Memes are posted from newest to oldest.
3. **Interact**: Users can comment by memes by navigating to the text box underneath the meme they wish to comment on, entering their desired comment, then clicking "Post Comment." Comments appears from oldest to newest..

## Credits
Development Team: Jacob McAuliffe, Chloe Jiang, Mykola Nastyn, Paul Price.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) License.

---

Feel free to contribute to our project or reach out if you have any questions!
